>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That is about
is a much as I want to cover today,
I'm exhausted.
So, to that end, I love you guys very
much, you've been super awesome.
Everybody in the chat room, love you.
I will say this, I tried to be as
responsive as absolutely possible,
especially if you've taken the time
to come and be in a workshop.
And we spent three days together.
That there's a certain level of
camaraderie that comes with that.
Please reach out to me at anytime,
@simpulton, I accept DMs.
So, if you're ever like, hey,
I don't understand what you said here or
I had this question, catch me on Twitter
and then we can take it from there.
So, please, reach out to me.
And to that end, thank you so much.
It's been a fantastic three days and
hopefully you are excited
about what you learned.
And my goal is not that you got
everything in these three days, but
on Monday you're excited to
keep playing around with it.
And you have great, thank you and
have a great weekend.
>> Class: [APPLAUSE]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: WAT.